# Tech Stack

Each section has multiple options for possible frameworks/APIs with the top being the best option.

## Shortcuts
1. [Scraper](#scraper)
2. [HTML Renderer](#html-renderer)
3. [AI Data Extraction](#ai-data-extracton)
4. [Database](#database)
5. [Data Transfer & API Routing](#data-transfer--api-routing)
6. [Frontend](#frontend)



<br>



## Scraper
### Playwright
A reliable scraper with cross browser support. It has a better API for scraping than the bottom options because it intercepts network requests. Intercepting network requests is very useful because it can make scraping faster because you can skip unwanted resources like images and videos.

### Puppeteer
Scrapes web pages generated by JavaScript. Puppeteer is capable of both rendering HTML generated by JavaScript and scraping data from the rendered HTML so using this can reduce time taken for this project because it is one less framework to learn. Playwright is a better option though because it is faster and has more browser support.

### BeautifulSoup
Scrapes only static web pages. Playwright and Puppeteer can both scrape static web pages but BeautifulSoup is much simpler and faster than the both of them. 


<br>


## HTML Renderer
### Puppeteer
Renders HTML generated by JavaScript. This is necessary because most websites nowadays generate HTML in this way. Not rendering this HTML can exclude certain key information.


<br>


## AI Data Extraction
### OLlama
It's a local LLM unlike OpenAI. Because of this, it doesn't cost anything to use. The only bottleneck would be the user's hardware but that shouldn't be a problem because the workload to extract data won't be too high.

### OpenAI API
Does cost money. I don't see any reason to use this.


<br>


## Database
### Firebase
You want real-time updates (e.g., chat, live dashboard).

You want a quick backend with minimal setup.

You're building a mobile app and want offline sync + Firebase Auth.

You prefer a fully managed Google ecosystem.


<br>


### MongoDB
You need more complex querying or aggregation.

You want schema flexibility with more control.

You're building a large-scale app with your own backend logic.

You want to use it with a Node.js/Express server or other backend frameworks.


<br>


## Data Transfer & API Routing
### FastAPI
Extremely fast. Good for AI projects and easy to use. It is a Python framework unlike the rest of the frameworks here which doesn't make this project unilingual but that isn't a problem.

### Node.js
More complex because we're using AI. There's not really a reason to use this unless being unilingual is a big concern.


<br>


## Frontend
### Next.js
Full stack. Handles back-end much more naturally than Svelte does. Also has SEO tools.

### Svelte
Lightweight and beginner friendly. Has less back-end capabilities than Next.js. 
